Do 100 squats.
Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Give a foot massage to the person on your right.
Say something dirty to the person on your left.
Let the rest of the group DM someone from your Instagram account.
Eat a banana without using your hands.
Twerk for a minute.
Keep your eyes closed until it’s your go again.
Like the first 15 posts on your Facebook newsfeed.
Send a sext to the last person in your phonebook.
Eat a raw onion.
Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt.
Give a lap dance to someone of your choice.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Show off your orgasm face.
Empty out your wallet/purse and show everyone what’s inside.
Show the last five people you texted and what the messages said.
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth.
Remove four items of clothing.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Put 10 different available liquids into a cup and drink it.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Try to lick your elbow.
Pretend to be the person to your right for 10 minutes.
Be someone’s pet for the next 5 minutes.
Try to drink a glass water while standing on your hands.
Do your best sexy crawl.
Say two honest things about everyone else in the group.
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can.
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible.
Let someone shave part of your body.
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself.
Post the oldest selfie on your phone on Instagram Stories.
For a guy, put on makeup. For a girl, wash off your make up.
Do four cartwheels in row.
Tell the saddest story you know.
Belly dance like your life depended on it.
Curse like sailor for 20 seconds straight.
Howl like a wolf.
Dance without music for one minute.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole.
Let someone else tickle you and try not to laugh.
Serenade the person to your right.
Talk in an accent for the next 3 rounds.
Make every person in the group smile, keep going until everyone has cracked a smiled.
Kiss the person to your left.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Eat five tablespoons of a condiment.
Attempt to breakdance for one minute.
Let the group give you a new hairstyle.
Do the worm.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Break two eggs on your head.
Sell a piece of trash to someone in the group using your best salesmanship.
Attempt to walk on your hands for as far as you can.
Imitate a celebrity every time you talk.
Try to juggle 2 or 3 items of the group’s choosing.
Gargle something that shouldn’t be gargled, but won’t hurt you.
Get slapped on the face by the person of your choosing.
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist for the rest of the round.
Seduce a member of the same gender in the group.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.
Poll dance for 1 minute with an imaginary pole.
Choose someone from the group to give you a spanking.
Post an extremely unflattering picture of yourself to the social media outlet of your choosing.
Hold a funny face for the rest of the round.
Imagine something in your room. Now spell it with your nose and keep spelling it with your nose until someone from the group guesses what you are trying to spell.
After the group chooses one rude word, sing a song and insert that rude word once into every line of the song.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other.
Open a bag of snacks or candy using only your mouth, no hands or feet.
Bend at the waist so that you are looking behind you between your legs. Now run backwards until you can tag someone with your butt.
Go to the bathroom, take off your underwear and put it on your head. Wear it on your head for the rest of the game.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out for the next 1 minute.
Eat one teaspoon of the spiciest thing you have in the kitchen.
Transfer an ice cube from your mouth to the person’s mouth on your right.
Call the 3rd contact in your phone and sing them 30 seconds of a song that the group chooses.No talking.
Pretend to be a food. Don’t pretend to eat the food, pretend to be the food. Keep pretending until someone in the group guesses the food you are.
Drop something in the toilet and then reach in to get it.
Find the person whose first name has the same letter as your first name or whoever’s first name’s first letter is closest to yours. Now lick their face.
Sit in a spinning chair and have the group spin you for 30 seconds.
Jump up and down as high as you can go for a full minute.
Let two people give you a wet willy at the same time.
Sing a praise song about a person of the groups choosing.
Depict a human life through interpretive dance.
Dance with no music for 1 minute.
Write something embarrassing somewhere on your body (that can be hidden with clothing) with a permanent marker.
Beg and plead the person to your right not to leave you for that other boy or girl.
Put ice cubes down your pants.
Stick your arm into the trash can past your elbow.
Lick the floor.
Switch clothes with someone of the opposite sex in the group for three rounds.
Let the group pose you in an embarrassing position and take a picture.
Give someone your phone and let them send one text to anyone in your contacts.
Let the group look through your phone for one minute.
Drink a small cup of a concoction that the group makes.
Let the person to your left draw on your face with a pen.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until someone can guess the video you are imitating.
Grab a trash can and make a hoop with your hands above the trash can. Have other members of the group try to shoot trash through your hoop.
Make up a 30-second opera about a person or people in the group and perform it.
Do pushups until you can’t do any more, wait 5 seconds, and then do one more.
Eat toilet paper
Snort a line of sugar
Eat some soap
Twerk on a handstand
Let someone give you haircut with their weak hand
Make a freestyle rap song about each person in the group
Lick someone’s foot
Give a topless lap dance
Call someone random, and talk freaky to them
Twerk while in a split
Spin the bottle, whoever it lands on you must take their shirt off, only using your teeth
Send a nude to one of your exes
Email one of your professor’s and tell them you love them
Lick the wall
Blindfolded, spin around for 10 seconds, kiss the person in front you at the end of your spinning
Close your eyes, go to the refrigerator and eat whatever you grab
Give some head with their underwear still on
Take two shots of a dark and a light liquor ( 4 shots total )
Blindfolded, let someone tie you to a chair and give you a lapdance
Go outside completely naked and walk slowly up to the mailbox and back
Let someone lick a full circle around your face
Stand in the corner in “time out”, not say a word for the next 3 rounds
Make out with someone’s boyfriend or girlfriend
Raise your shirt play with your nipples
Chug a whole beer in 15 seconds
Sit in the trash can for the next round
Chug an entire beer, then spin around for 15 seconds, after that try to run to the door
Wearing only high heels do a strip dance for the group
Take 2 shots and do a cartwheel
Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone
Show the last five people you texted and what the messages said
Let the rest of the group DM someone from your Instagram account
Eat a raw piece of garlic
Do 100 squats
Show us your screen time report
Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt
Say something dirty to the person on your left
Give a foot massage to the person on your right
Put 10 different available liquids into a cup and drink it
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind
Give a lap dance to someone of your choice
Remove four items of clothing
Like the first 15 posts on your Facebook newsfeed
Eat a spoonful of mustard
Keep your eyes closed until it's your go again
Send a sext to the last person in your phonebook
Show your orgasm face
Seductively eat a banana
Empty out your wallet/purse and show everyone what's inside
Do your best sexy crawl
Pretend to be the person to your right for 10 minutes
Eat a snack without using your hands
Say two honest things about everyone else in the group
Twerk for a minute
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself
Try to lick your elbow
Post the oldest selfie on your phone on Instagram Stories
Tell the saddest story you know
Howl like a wolf for two minutes
Dance without music for two minutes
Pole dance with an imaginary pole
Let someone else tickle you and try not to laugh
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can
Scroll through your phone book until someone says stop. You either have to call or delete that person.
Try and make yourself cry in front of the group
Tell the group two truths and a lie, and they have to guess which one the lie is
Show off your secret talent
Reply to the first five Instagram Stories on your timeline
Share the first celebrity on your timeline's Instagram to your Story
Put on as many layers as possible in 60 seconds
Fill your mouth with drink and gargle your answer to the next Truth
Smile as widely as you can and hold it for two minutes
What is a silly fact about you? Whatever it is, post it on Facebook.
Attempt to do a magic trick and take a video of it.
Do four cartwheels in a row.
Break two eggs on your head.
Put five ice cubes down your pants.
Lick the floor.
Dance with no music for 2 minutes.
Text your last boyfriend or girlfriend a picture of your toe.
Juggle 3 random items.
Make a funny face and send a picture of it.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other.
Send the funniest picture of you on your phone.
Eat a raw piece of garlic.
Try to lick your elbow.
Howl like a dog for one minute.
Style your hair in a funny way and take a picture of it.
Eat a spoonful of ketchup.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Dig through the trash and then name everything you find.
Sing a song while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Make a sandwich while blindfolded.
Turn your pants inside out and wear them.
Lick your big toe.
Try to do the full splits.
Do your best yodel.
Wear your pants on your arms for the rest of the game.
What is an embarrassing fact about you? Whatever it is, post it on Facebook.
Do the worm dance.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Eat a snack without using your hands.
Try to fit your fist in your mouth.
Stick your hand in the toilet.
Fill your mouth with water and act as a fountain.
Eat a booger.
Chug a glass of milk.
Put as many grapes in your mouth as you can.
Wear your underwear on your head for five minutes.
Seductively eat a banana.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole.
Twerk for a minute.
Send a sexy text to the 20th person in your contact list.
Remove any three cloths from your body.
Show me one of your private parts.
Place ice cubes in your underwear and dance for a minute.
Masturbate in front of someone.
Reenact porn.
Tie your hands and legs and I’ll do whatever I want with your for 5 minutes.
Explain how you masturbate yourself in kids voice.
Watch a dirty video and moan loudly exactly how they moan in that video.
Wear your clothes inside-out.
Remove any one piece of your clothing immediately when you get a notification(non-text) in your mobile.
Make a video call and kiss your mobile for 2 minutes.
Delete your partner number and ask “Who are you” when you get a call from your partner.
Moan as if you were in ecstasy for 15 seconds.
Text a random person in your contacts list on your phone
Pretend to be a cat
Sing your favorite song
Put on makeup
Do 100 sit-ups
Tell me a secret
Send a random message to your parents
Write me a poem
Sing me a love song
Tell me the names of your ex-girlfriends
Draw something on your body with a pen
Hum a whole song
Pour water over your head
Sing the alphabet backward
Show me your hidden talent
Screenshot and send your internet history
Mix three sauces and drink them
Eat dry pasta
Take a bath without taking off your clothes
Keep your eyes closed for an hour
Do your best foreign accent
Dance until your next turn
Jump up and down until your next turn
Act like a dog until your next turn
Eat the food that you hate most
Sing your favorite song in a foreign accent
Put your clothes on backward
Wrap yourself in toilet paper
Text a random person your best joke
Dance to the song that you hate the most
I dare you to text me the naughtiest thing that you can think of
I dare you to search for the naughtiest thing that you can think of
Make out with your pillow
Tell me a fantasy