When was the last time you peed in bed?
What is the biggest lie you have ever told?
Tell us your most embarrassing vomit story.
Have you ever made out with someone here?
Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?
What are your top three turn-ons?
What is your deepest darkest fear?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
What is something your friends would never expect that you do?
Who is the person you most regret kissing?
When was the last time you lied?
Who was the last person you licked?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever broken the law?
Do you have any fetishes?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to anyone?
What’s the biggest misconception about you?
What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a week?
What’s the worst time you let someone take the blame for something you did?
What do most people think is true about you, but isn’t?
What’s your biggest regret?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What is the biggest thing you’ve gotten away with?
Why did you break up with your last boyfriend or girlfriend?
What is the most embarrassing series of texts you have on your phone?
When was the last time you cried?
What’s your biggest fantasy?
Tell me about your first kiss
What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?
Do you have a hidden talent?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What pictures or videos of you do you wish didn’t exist?
What is your biggest regret?
Who is your crush?
 Tell me about your most awkward date.
What is the naughtiest thing you’ve done in public?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What’s something you’re glad your mum doesn’t know about you?
What is something that people think you would never be into, but you are?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What’s the worst intimate experience you’ve ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What’s the drunkest you’ve ever been?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
Where’s the weirdest place you’ve had sex?
What’s the worst thing anyone’s ever done to you?
What’s your worst habit?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn’t have?
What’s the worst date you’ve been on?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
Have you ever shit yourself since you were a child?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What’s the most trouble you’ve been in?
Who is the sexiest person here?
What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
When was the most inappropriate time you farted?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
What is the grossest thing that has come out of your body?
What is your favourite thing that your boyfriend or girlfriend does?
Who have you loved but they didn’t love you back?
 If you starred in a romance, what would it be like?
What was the cruellest joke you played on someone?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have put up on social media?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
Tell me about the last time someone unexpectedly walked in on you while you were naked.
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
Describe your most recent romantic encounter in detail.
What is the weirdest thing you have done for a boyfriend or girlfriend?
Is it true that you (whatever you or the group suspects they do / did)?
When was the last time you wiped a booger off on something that shouldn’t have boogers on it?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about?
Tell me something you don’t want me to know.
What have you done that people here would judge you most for doing?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
What is the most disgusting habit you have?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
How often do you wash your underwear?
If you had to flash a person in this room, who would it be?
Have you ever taken nudes?
If you could get away with it, would you date two people at once? If so, who?
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
What’s in your web history that would be embarrassing if someone saw?
Where’s the weirdest place you’ve had sex?
Have your parents ever walked in on you doing it?
Who in this room would you most like to see naked?
Have you ever received a nude from someone you knew but weren’t interested in?
At what age did you lose your virginity?
Have you ever cheated on a significant other?
If you had to sleep with a person in this room, who would it be?
What’s the cringiest sext you’ve ever sent or received?
How many people have you slept with?
Would you date someone significantly older than you? What age is the cut-off?
Have you ever had a threesome/Would you ever have a threesome?
Tell us about the worst sex you’ve ever had.
Have you ever been walked in on while watching porn?
What was your best sexual experience?
What is the longest you’ve ever given head?
Would you ever do a 3-some?
How do you feel about sex in groups?
Would you ever watch your partner have sex with someone else?
How many partners have you had at one time?
Describe how your orgasm feels.
Where is your favourite place to be kissed?
Have you ever taken it in the butt or would you?
What is the longest time you’ve gone without sex?
Do you enjoy rough or slow sex?
Do you prefer to be on top or bottom?
What is your favourite position?
Do you like anal?
What is your least favourite position?
What is the worst sexual experience you’ve ever had?
Have you ever had sex outside?
Where is the strangest place you’ve ever had sex?
Have you ever performed oral on someone of the same sex?
Have you ever paid for sex?
Who was your first partner?
Have you ever made a video of yourself?
Who is your favourite porn star?
What is your favourite type of porn?
What is your favourite strip club?
Have you ever thought about being a stripper?
Do you prefer the lights on or off?
Does size matter?
Do you prefer to have music in the background, or for it to be be quiet?
Do you prefer for your partner to be silent, or do you like moans?
Do you like a lot of foreplay?
What is your favourite type of foreplay?
Have you done role-playing?
What is your role-playing fantasy?
What is your “sweet spot”?
What is your strangest sexual fantasy?
Would you ever have sex for money?
How flexible are you?
How many orgasms have you had in one sexual encounter?
Spit or Swallow?
When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest fantasy?
Do you have any fetishes?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
Do you have a hidden talent?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What's the worst intimate experience you've ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What's the most drunk you've ever been?
Have you ever broken the law?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest insecurity?
Have you ever stayed friends with someone because it benefitted you beyond just the friendship?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
What's the worst thing anyone's ever done to you?
Have you ever had a run in with the law?
What's your worst habit?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
What's the strangest dream you've had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn't have?
What's the worst date you've been on?
What's your biggest regret?
What's the biggest misconception about you?
Have you ever said something you regret about someone in this room?
What's one thing you wish people knew about you?
Where's the weirdest place you've had sex?
Why did your last relationship break down?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
What's the most trouble you've been in?
What's the worst thing you've ever lied about?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever been given?
What's your guilty pleasure?
What's one thing you only do when you're alone?
If you had to get back with an ex, who would you choose?
If you had to cut one friend out of your life, who would it be?
Do you have a favourite friend?
What is the dumbest thing that you have ever done?
When is the last time you did something embarrassing and what was it?
Have you ever peed yourself? If so, when?
Have you ever pooped yourself? If so, when?
When have you got caught in a lie?
What is your most embarrassing vomit story?
What is the biggest thing that you’ve gotten away with?
Where is the strangest place you have peed?
What is the most embarrassing thing that your parents have caught you doing?
When was the most inappropriate time that you farted?
What is the grossest habit that you have?
What is the most embarrassing nickname that you have had?
What was the last thing you searched on your phone?
Have you ever walked in on your parents having sex?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Do you ever talk in your sleep or sleep walk?
When was a time that you embarrassed yourself in front of your crush?
Have you ever regretted something you did in order to get a crush’s attention?
What was your weirdest habit as a kid?
What are your top three turn-ons?
Who was your first kiss?
What was your strangest sex dream?
Who is the last person you had sex with?
Which famous married couple would you like to have a threesome with?
What is your ideal romantic Valentine’s night?
Which friend’s boyfriend do you think is the cutest?
Have you ever had sex with a random person?
Who in our friend group has the nicest butt?
Who is the last person you made out with?
What is the naughtiest thing that you’ve done in public?
Describe your most recent romantic encounter.
What is your biggest sexual fantasy?
What turns you on?
How old were you when you first masturbated?
Do you have any fetishes?
What do you search for when you watch porn?
How many people have you kissed?
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it? (not cheating, just casually date).
Have you ever sent someone a nude?
Have you ever received nudes?
What’s the most flirtatious thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever been in a “friends with benefits” situation?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
What color and kind of underwear are you wearing right now?
Have you ever had sex in a public place?
How flirty do you think you are around people?
What do you do when you flirt?
How many people have you slept with?
What was your worst kiss experience and with whom?
What was the last thing you browsed in your mobile using incognito mode?
Did you anytime practice kissing yourself in the mirror?
If your gender swapped for one day, what would you do in the washroom?
Did anyone accidentally open the bathroom door when you are inside?
Have you seen your parents doing it? If yes, describe the incident.
Did you ever touch your own poop?
How many crushes you have till now and who is your current crush?
Do you ever cleared your browsing history and why?
What is the most embarrassing thing you wrote in your diary?
With whom you had your first kiss?
What is the longest kiss you ever had and with whom?
You were asked to select one person as your partner for one day and you both will be left on an island. Whom do you pick?
If you suddenly become invisible, what would you do to your crush?
Pick one from the group with whom you would like to sleep with.
How do you feel when you are going down on your partner for the first time?
When was the last time you trimmed at your private parts?
Have you ever experienced threesome?
How many times can you masturbate in a single day?
Have you ever used a dildo?
What’s the most unusual place you made love?
What sex act have you’ve done that you’ll never do again?
What do you like during foreplay?
What’s the best orgasm you’ve ever had?
When was the last time you masturbated?
What is your favorite position?
How do you feel when touching yourself?
What is the first dirty thing you would do if you woke up as the opposite sex?
What is your craziest one-night stand story?
Do you prefer to have a dominant, submissive, or neutral partner? Explain why?
Do you like to listen to music while having sex?
Have you ever watched another couple have sex?
What is the wildest fantasy you ever had that actually came true?
How was your first sex experience?
What is the longest you’ve gone without having sex?
Have you ever experimented with someone of the same sex?
What are the sexiest things someone has said to you?
Have you ever had a one-night stand story?
What is your secret fantasy?
What is the kinkiest thing you’ve done during sex?
Have you ever witnessed people having sex?
Do you leave the lights on or off during sex?
What is your favorite place to have sex?
Does naughty talk get you aroused?
Have you ever faked an orgasm?
Would you rather give or receive pleasure?
Have you ever fantasized about a teacher?
What is the quickest someone has gotten you into bed, and how?
What is your favorite position during sex? Explain why?
What’s a sexual act you’ll never do?
What’s the dirtiest thing you have been caught doing as a teen?
How many sexual partners did you have in your life?
What was your most embarrassing situation while in bed?
Do you like sex to be rough or sensual?
Would you rather be with a submissive or a dominant partner?
Who gave you your first orgasm?
Have you ever been friend-zoned? If so, by whom?
What makes you orgasm during sex?
Have you ever had an orgy?
When was the first time that you had an orgasm?
Have you ever taken someone’s virginity?
Have you ever had a threesome?
Have you ever been tied up? If no, would you like to try it?
What excites you the most?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever done sexually?
What is your favorite type of porn?
Have you ever masturbated in a public restroom?
What is your favorite place to be kissed on your body?
What is your favorite type of porn?
What’s your favorite thing about a quickie?
What’s your craziest sexual fantasy?
What are your dirtiest secrets?
Have you ever tried anal sex?
Have you ever used a sex toy?
Have you ever done sexy things with food?
What is the most terrifying act that you have ever done in your life?
What is something in your life that you regret the most?
When did you act the most childish in your life?
What is your worst or most annoying habit?
What is something that is on your bucket list?
What is the first act you would do if you woke up tomorrow as a female?
Describe the dream that you had last night
Have you ever shared a toothbrush?
What is the worst lie that you have ever told in your life? Did you get caught?
What do you like most about your appearance?
What do you dislike most about your appearance?
What do you like most about your character?
What do you dislike most about your character?
What are you most afraid of in your life?
What is the most embarrassing act that you have ever done?
What is the most embarrassing text that you have ever sent to someone?
Have you ever stalked anyone on social media?
Which family member in your life are you most jealous of, why?
What underwear are you wearing?
What do you hate most in your life and why?
Who annoys you most and why?
What annoys you most and why?
If you could travel to any country in the world, where would you go?
Have you ever loved someone?
What is the most embarrassing question that you have ever googled?
How would you spend your time if you didn’t have to go to work?
What is the most terrible accident that has ever happened to you?
What is something that you could not live without?
Who could you not live without?
When did you last take a shower?
What is the worst lie that you ever told someone?
Have you ever cheated?
What is your favorite body part?
What is your least favorite body part?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What is your favorite body part of your favorite celebrity?
Have you ever cheated in a game of truth and dare?
What is something that you want to know?
What is the craziest act that you have ever done?
What is the craziest act that you would like to do?
What is the worst secret that you know about your best friend?
Who is the one person that you would like to meet?
Have you ever flashed someone?
How would you rate my looks on a scale?
How would you rate your looks on a scale?
What is the worst secret that you ever told your parents?
Who is your celebrity crush?
Have you ever been in trouble?
What is the best object that you have ever bought?
What is the worst object that you have ever bought?
Have you ever done anything illegal?
What is the most illegal activity that you have ever done?
Have you ever had to go to jail?
How would you spend a million dollars?
What is your religion?
Do you believe in magic?
Do you believe in God?
Have you ever told someone another person’s secret even though you promised that you wouldn’t? What was it?
When did you last cry?
What was the reason that you last cried?
If you could choose to live anywhere in the world, where would you choose to live?
What is your most annoying habit?
What habit do you hate most in other people?
What is your favorite part about being in a relationship?
What do you hate most about being in a relationship?
If you were given three wishes, what three things would you wish for?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
What is the most embarrassing act that you have ever done?
What is your favorite gift that you ever received?
What is your least favorite gift that you ever received?
What is the last question you searched for on the internet?
What is the worst act that you ever did when drunk?
What is something that made you angrier than ever?
Who was the last person that made you angry?
What is one secret that you have never told your mother?
How many people have you kissed?
What is the most embarrassing secret that you have told your parents?
What person do you most regret dating?
Have you ever stalked someone’s profile on social media?
What is the worst gift that you have ever given someone?
What is the most embarrassing object that you own?
What would you buy with 100 dollars?
Have you ever had a crush on your school teacher?
What is your favorite body part?
When is the last time you cried?
What is the last story that made you cry?
What did you think about me when you first met me?
What did you really think about me on our first date?
What is the most embarrassing picture that you have on your phone?
What are you most insecure about?
Do you still love your ex?
What are your favorite names for children?
How old were you when you had your first kiss?
What is the most embarrassing secret that you know about your parents?
Do you ever dance alone?
Did you drink before you were legally allowed?
What is the craziest act that you ever did while drunk?
What was the last question that you searched on the internet?
What is the most food you have ever eaten in one go?
What is the most embarrassing situation you have ever been involved in?
Did you have an imaginary childhood friend?
Do you cover your eyes while watching a horror film?
What sport do you hate the most?
What is your guilty pleasure television show?
What is your worst habit?
What is your most embarrassing habit?
What is your worst wardrobe malfunction?
What is the oldest person that you would date?
What is the most embarrassing situation that ever happened to you in public?
What is the most embarrassing question that you ever searched on the internet?
Do you sleep with a comfort teddy?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Do you snore in your sleep?
Who is your secret crush?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
What is your dream girl?
What is your favorite song to sing in the shower?
How would you rate your appearance out of ten?
What do you not like about me?
What is your guilty pleasure song?
Who is your favorite family member?
What one song would you listen to for the rest of your life?
What was your most loved childhood game?
If you could be reincarnated into any decade, what decade would you pick?
What is the most embarrassing act that your ex ever did to you?
Have you ever been cheated on?
What would you do if you could be invisible for a day?
If you could choose to have any superpower what would you pick?
What is your favorite alcoholic drink?
What is the strangest dream that you ever had?
What is the most embarrassing picture that you have ever posted on social media?
What is the most childish act you have ever done as an adult?
What is your funniest nickname?
What Disney character would you choose to date?
What is the most embarrassing movie that you have ever watched?
What is the most embarrassing app that you have downloaded on your phone?
What is your most used app on your phone?
What is your guilty pleasure food?
Do you dance when you are alone?
What is the most painful situation that has ever happened to you?
What song do you always sing along to when you hear it?
What is the meanest act that you have ever done to someone?
Do you own a onesie?
Are you afraid of the dark?
What do you do all day when you are home alone?
Do you take many selfies?
Which of your highschool crushes would you date today?
What is the most embarrassing act you have ever done when you were trying to be cool?
When did you last brush your teeth?
What is the longest time that you have gone without brushing your teeth?
How often do you wear the same shirt before you wash it?
Have you ever self tanned?
What is your favorite dog breed?
What are your favorite pajamas?
Do you sleep with a comfort blanket?
What is your most favorite childhood object that you still have?
Have you ever dropped something on the floor and still eaten it?
What is the thing that you are most proud of?
What is one thing that you feel guilty about?